annot: Whisk the eggs
ACTID: 0
PRED: whisk
[DOBJ, food] the eggs (-1)
annot: pour them onto a plate
ACTID: 1
PRED: pour
[DOBJ, food] them (0)
[PP, location, onto] a plate (-1)
annot: Add the flour, salt, and pepper to a bag
ACTID: 2
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the flour (-1), salt (-1), pepper (-1)
[PP, location, to] a bag (-1)
annot: Shake
ACTID: 3
PRED: shake
[DOBJ, food] (2)
annot: Cover the meat with plastic
ACTID: 4
PRED: cover
[DOBJ, food] the meat (-1)
[PP, other, with] plastic (-1)
annot: Pound the meat
ACTID: 5
PRED: Pound
[DOBJ, food] the meat (4)
annot: Cut the beef into half
ACTID: 6
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] the beef (5)
[PP, other, into] half (-1)
annot: Coat the beef in the flour, the egg, and the bread crumbs
ACTID: 7
PRED: coat
[DOBJ, food] the flour (3), the egg (1), the bread crumbs (-1)
[PP, food, ] (6)
annot: Make a salad
ACTID: 8
PRED: make
[DOBJ, food] a salad (-1)
annot: Pour oil into a pan
ACTID: 9
PRED: pour
[DOBJ, food] oil (-1)
[PP, location, into] a pan (-1)
annot: Fry the beef in the pan
ACTID: 10
PRED: fry
[DOBJ, food] the beef (7)
[PP, food, in] the pan (9)
annot: Dip the zuccini in the egg
ACTID: 11
PRED: dip
[DOBJ, food] the zuccini (-1)
[PP, food, in] the egg (1)
annot: Fry the zuccini
ACTID: 12
PRED: fry
[DOBJ, food] the zuccini (11)